ENG-13845: Update README and add release workflow. (#61)
cyralinc/dmap: README.md

that were classified as containing sensitive data. For example:

```bash
$ dmap repo-scan --type postgres --database postgres --host ... --port ...  --user ... --password ...
{
    "labels": [
        {
            "name": "ADDRESS",
            "description": "Address",
            "tags": [
                "PII"
            ]
        },
        ...
    ],
    "classifications": [
        {
            "attributePath": [
                "postgres",
                "public",
                "doctors",
                "address2"
            ],
            "labels": [
                "ADDRESS"
            ]
        },
        ...
    ]
}
```

Optionally, by providing the `--repo-id`, `--client-id`, and `--client-secret`
flags, the results can be sent to the Dmap web service for further analysis and
reporting.

### Installation

The Dmap CLI can be installed as a native binary, a Docker image, or from 
source. Each approach is described below.

#### Release Binaries

Binary executables of the CLI are available for Linux, MacOS, and Windows
platforms. The appropriate binary for your platform can be downloaded from the 

> [releases page](TODO), e.g.:

Author: Reminder: todo

```bash

> curl -OL TODO

Author: Reminder: todo

repositories from different cloud environments, and then perform data discovery
and classification by scanning those repositories for sensitive data patterns.

## Overview

Dmap provides a [hosted web service](https://dmap.cyral.io), command line 
interface (CLI), and Go library API to scan cloud environments to discover data
repositories, and scan data repositories to discover and classify sensitive
data.

We define a data repository as a collection of data that is stored in a specific
location in the cloud. For example, an Amazon RDS database, a Redshift cluster,
or a DynamoDB table are all examples of Dmap data repositories.

We also define a cloud environment as a collection of cloud resources that are
managed by a specific cloud provider. For example, an AWS account is a cloud
environment.

Scanning a cloud environment with Dmap will provide you with a list of data
repositories that exist in that environment. Scanning a data repository with
Dmap will provide you with all the fields in the data repository that contain
sensitive data.

We use Open Policy Agent's (OPA) [Rego API](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/open-policy-agent/opa/rego) 

> to define policies (termed "data labels") that can be used to classify sensitive
> data in data repositories. Dmap provides a set of [predefined data labels](classification/labels) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to define rules that can be used to classify sensitive data in data repositories and assign them appropriate labels (such as CCN, SSN etc). Dmap provides a set of [predefined data labels](classification/labels) 
```

#### Release Binaries

Binary executables of the CLI are available for Linux, MacOS, and Windows
platforms. The appropriate binary for your platform can be downloaded from the 
[releases page](https://github.com/cyralinc/dmap/releases), e.g.:

```bash
# Replace with the desired version, e.g. v0.1.0
VERSION="v0.1.0"
curl -OL "https://github.com/cyralinc/dmap/releases/download/$VERSION/dmap_$VERSION_darwin_amd64.zip"
unzip dmap_$VERSION_darwin_amd64.zip
```

Optionally, put the binary in a location in your `PATH` for easy use.

The SHA256 checksums for each release are provided in a file named
`dmap_<version>_sha256sums.txt`. You can verify the integrity of the downloaded
binary by comparing its checksum to the one in the file. The checksums are also
signed with Cyral's GPG key (fingerprint 
`E8DBE6574C87BF0FED7FFC464D91812ADF732B74`), and you can verify the checksums 
file, e.g.:

```bash
# Assuming the binary/binaries and checksums are in the same directory.
sha256sum -c dmap_<version>_sha256sums.txt
gpg --verify dmap_<version>_sha256sums.txt.sig dmap_<version>_sha256sums.txt
```

#### Docker

You can run the image directly as a container, e.g.:

```bash

> docker run --rm public.ecr.aws/cyral/dmap:latest

Reviewer: Can we show a couple of dmap options (as example) in the docker run command?
